or Kura the largest in the Dolphins and
like all dolphins they have a lot of
distinct parts to their day so sometimes
they'll be traveling sometimes they'll
be feeding and sometimes I just plain
like now this is called breaching it's a
person actually removed parasites from
the skins of the Orca but when you look
at something like that you've got to say
they are just playing I mean if you
could do that you would wouldn't you all
can lead to spend a good deal of their
day interacting with the others in their
group they have such big brains that Rou
they just need time to get to know each
other and just to muck around this has
already been just about the most
exciting two minutes of my life look at
that they are magnificent I don't want
to chase them it's very important that I
don't go into their space I let them
come into mine but they don't seem to be
bothered by us
oh my goodness
it's just brief words front of me
Wow look at that this is the wildlife
spectacle of this part of the world
rarely for my crew they're almost
speechless
apart from Johnny on the main camera the
mayors and that that is very close to
how close of a 10-15 meters something
that should he be scared at this point
Steve every one of these Orca could
weigh as much as a small truck but
they're incredibly maneuverable very
very fast killer whales are probably the
fastest mammal in the seas and certainly
the long distances they can travel
enormous distances in day
I don't believe what I'm seeing here
look at this they're just coming
together right in front of me they call
Orca the Wolves of the sea not just
because they're incredible teeth but
also because they hunt cooperatively
together in groups and I think that's
what's happening around me now look I
think now I've probably got about 15
animals all very very close it's not
just adults here there are plenty of
young calves in amongst them the life
that you and they come to the surface
like that it's like an explosion of air
and water out of their blowhole he's
coming right underneath me I can see
he's wild he's my boat but he's about
three meters away from me just looking
up at me so turned on his side I just
looked straight in my eye
Oh
Wow you just just popped up alongside me
I think they just really want to find
out what this strange plastic yellow
boat in their world is I'm seeing
firsthand how intelligent they are but
let's not forget that's what makes them
deadly